`BAT.md` and `Administrators.md` added & small changes on `Installation.md` (#9)
osuTitanic/wiki: wiki/People/Administrators/en.md

> # Titanic Administators
> 
> The people who manage and moderate Titanic 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Staff

The people who manage, moderate and improve Titanic every day.
```

Reviewer: What about something like this?

Author: yeah that seems like it works better than what I had put, I only had that there because I was going based on old wiki xd
(also how tf did I miss the internal spelling error as well what)
